Release 4.0.0-beta.1 (#3943)
wasmerio/wasmer: CHANGELOG.md

## **Unreleased**

## 4.0.0-beta.1 - 01/06/2023

This version introduce WASIX! The superset of WASI. Go to https://wasix.org for more details.

> This version also merged `wasmer run` and `wasmer run-unstable`. Both command still exists but are now exactly the same. `run-unstable` will be removed later, so swithc tu `wasmer run` if you were using it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version also merged `wasmer run` and `wasmer run-unstable`. Both command still exists but are now exactly the same. `run-unstable` will be removed later, so switch to `wasmer run` if you were using it.
```

## Added

  - [#3818](https://github.com/wasmerio/wasmer/pull/3818) Added a quickfix for mounting relative directories

## Changed

  - [#3924](https://github.com/wasmerio/wasmer/pull/3924) Rename "wasmer run-unstable" to "wasmer run"
  - [#3938](https://github.com/wasmerio/wasmer/pull/3938) Use unchecked deserialization for `_unchecked` module functions
  - [#3918](https://github.com/wasmerio/wasmer/pull/3918) Workspace metadata

>   - [#3919](https://github.com/wasmerio/wasmer/pull/3919) Handle non-200 status codes when downloading WEBC files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [#3919](https://github.com/wasmerio/wasmer/pull/3919) Handle non-200 status codes when downloading packages
```
